# 11-14-2025: Agentic workflow explosion

I found out that Anthropic was giving away 1000$ worth of compute credits for the next 15 days on the web based claude code. So I'm using that in parallel to work on different tasks. This will be interesting since I'm running through about 100$ of credits a day, so this should give me the ability to test two different workflows on different tasks to see if the agents work. I'm starting to figure out that I need to tweak agents to follow specific flows instead of having them be more open ended. There are certain things I want to happen everytime, and I think that having them be a specific checklist with programmatic validation is the right approach instead of just agentic prompting. Agentic prompting works when its a general guideline and not an explicit set of steps. This jives with how humans work also. Doctor's have a checklist of thing to do in surgery so that they don't make mistakes, so it would make sense that having a checklist would make sense for agents also.

The things I think I need are the following, and this is based on prompts i'm constantly retyping.

1. Cleanup all the worktrees using subagents
1. Review pull requests using subagents and in parallel and leave individual review comments
1. Implement a feature with the chief architect
1. Look at a reviewed pull request and handle all the issues that are pointed out in comments and respond to them correctly
1. Come up with a plan for the current PR
1. validate that things were actually done as expected
1. Update my blog entries
1. Update github issue to current state of the repository

These seems simple in hindsight, but its just automating more and more of what I'm doing. I also need to just improve the prompts to be more clear and concise.

The more I use agents, the more I can see myself optimizing the work away. I just have to start adding tools into the workflow to optimize tokens at specific points. I think I might make this a seperate repository since this seems something universally useful. it seems like it might compete with claude code, but i have ideas on how to make it complimentary instead of making it subsuming. This could be a good business idea here.
