# 11-15-2025: Getting tired of the speed

I'm noticing that I am getting tired of the speed at which things are moving. It isn't that the speed is too slow, just that the process I have came up with is too clunky for many things. The 5 step process of `plan -> test -> implemenatation -> package -> cleanup` works for feature development, it doens't really work for other types of development, like adding a new CI/CD phase, refactoring code, adding skills/agents, or improving documentation. So I decided to just skip a lot of steps and bulk handle a bunch of things.


## Bulk handling of issues

There are issues that don't need the same level of scrutiny as core algorithms or high level plans. I've created a flow that is fairly thorough, but I'm running into issues where the process of create, test, review, handle the review, re-review, approve is time consuming for minor issues. It is true that LLM's sometimes get things wrong, but is it really that important to make sure they do or not? I posit that its not that important for 95-99% of all code created this level of scrutiny does not matter.  I've designed this setup to be good enough for most code, and then I'll have to make a judgement call on what needs higher levels of scrutiny. I'm hoping I can get an agent to do this and have it get flagged as requiring human review.... On second thought, that IS a good idea for an agent, so I'll create it.

## Claude code web issues

Claude code on the web is actually a huge impediment for development. The free 1000$ of compute is useful, but really, it is only good for creating simple things. The problem is that I am blocked from using Github CLI, which makes manipulation of the repository in an automatic fashion quite problematic. This is a block for any real development, as havine scripts pull code, post reviews, open issues, merge PR's, etc.. is actually very important for many of my agentic flows. I'll hack around it, but until this gets fixed, I don't think I'll use claude code for the web.

## Skills

One thing I did find helpful for claude code for the web is asynchronously doing tasks that were not being worked on, so just another claude code account. I had it refactor my agents to give them access to claude code skills and also handle a lot of tasks without using my limit claude code pro credits. Once I hit the limit for claude code for the week, i'll go ahead and do a full analysis of week 1(Initial agents) vs week 2(Model Optimized agents) claude code usage. Week 3 analysis will then happen after I hit the limit there, and it will be agents w/ skills based, so the amount of code i can produce on a weekly basis should go up each time before I hit the usage limits. I'm hoping with a skills based approach, it will allow me to code all week before I hit my weekly limit. Then for week 4, I'll optimize the skills and agents and once again see how it compares over time.


This is starting to get interesting, lets analyze it tomorrow.
