# 11-24-2025: More cleanup

So I spent today cleaning up the code some more. The condition of the code was actually in way worse condition than I had thought. One of the things that I had done in the past two weeks was to rush development. The reason being that Claude Code was giving out 1000$, as I mentioned earlier, in free credits. I figured I'd put this to good use and just develop there. I ran into problems quickly with the environment that was used being of sub-standard quality. No access to github CLI, limited access to components I needed for development, and no capability to install what I wanted. So instead of wasting the 1000$ free, I went ahead and auto-approved everything after working through my normal flow of agentic design, test, develop, review. What ended up getting through was lots of syntax issues on secondary files, lots of files that were creaeted by agents that were not required, and then tests that were not properly registered. Overall, the cleanup is just taking two days for two different projects that I was working on in parallel, but for the amount of functionality that is already working in that time frame, this tradeoff I think was worth it. This is one of the flows that I am experimenting with, so need to validate how much extra work it takes to get it into tip-top shape. Now I know that some engineers will despise this workflow, but that is okay, this code isn't performance critical just yet, nor do I think it will be ever since this is an experiment.

The next step of cleanup is cleaning up the entire flow. There is some legacy stuff in here that I need to get rid of. The flow I envision is the following.

 * Plan
 * Plan next level
 * Plan the third level
 * File github issues for the first N items
 * Create tests for the first N items
 * Create implementations for the first N items
 * Review the first N items and iterate
 * Propagate implementation details up to higher levels for updating the plans
 * Document everything


It will be messy, but it compresses the development velocity by making sure these intermediate steps are not lost in translation, and that is key for agentic development.

## More stats

<Agent, provide github statistics for commits on 11/24/2025 only>
