# 12-19-2025: Further advancing AI Agentics

So, this week I have been experimenting with moving past claude code. One thing I have noticed is that the quality is high enough that I don't really need to watch everything. So, I've been trying to get claude code to just do tasks, but it keeps asking me questions. This is kind of annoying as if I don't answer them, then it slows down the end to end work. So this week I started writing scripts to run claude code and programatically do tasks for me. This seems to get more work done in a shorter amount of time, but also seems to not be as well tuned yet. I also am not running as many tokens, but I'm hitting my limit quicker. I'm guessing that this approach is cycling through different tasks, so I'm not getting the cache'd re-use as well. I'm able to get some interesting results by just writing the beginning of a fully autonomous agentic workflow, and i'm beautifying it to make it run better, but really I need to just experiment and see what can be done while I work on my agentic test environment.

So far I have plan_issues.py which goes through github issues and creates a plan for each item and also implement_issues.py, which will take a planned github issue and then implement it. I was able to cycle through 30 or so github issues without effort once I got most of the kinks fixed from the scripts. I still had to have a single run of claude to go through everything as somethings broke and weren't fixed, but overall it met my pretty low bar of success. I still need to figure out how to protect the workflow better and also how to get more consistent pull requests. I think i'm going to create a script that creates pull requests en masse, a script that reviews pull requests, and a script that responds to pull requests. I think this form of agentic work will do better than having claude code attempt to manage everything itself. These agent flows are fairly well defined and need to run in a specific order, so wasting tokens on just going through pre-defined steps seems to be wasteful. I'm pretty sure this needs to be pulled out into a seperate project, but will get it working first before doing that.
